MAN:
Hey, you shoot
when I say you can sh...
(sighs)
MAN (French accent):
What is your name?
Riclq Packer.
29 days.
Ah, c-could you
include the question
in the answer,
you know?
Yeah, yeah.
Uh, my name is Ricky Packer.
And I have 29 days left to live.
Been reading a lot
of the Bible-- Job.
"When I lie down, I think,
how long before I get up?"
Yes, Camus says, "Fate is not
in man, but around him."
What is your crime,
please?
Well, the State says
double homicide,
but I don't even think
they believe that.
They had some bodies they needed
to put on someone.
You were saying before
I switched on the camera
about the authorities.
What is it_
you were saying?
Oh, yeah, yeah.
I told the guards about this
murder that I heard about--
Almighty Vice Lords payback
on 19th.
There's a dead body buried
up there in Douglas Park.
You think they care?
No. Why don't
they care?
It means more work.
They go dig up some gangbanger's
body, what are they gonna do?
Huh?
They gonna go find the killer?
*
You got here fast.
Yeah, it's
called driving.
What'd you do, stop
for hamburgers?
So, what is it,
gang-related?
Yep. His tip
was accurate.
A tip from death row--
go figure.
John Doe buried six months.
One other thing, Mr.
Deputy State's Attorney.
Yeah?
You missed a button.
Thank you, ASA Lodge.
Mm-hmm.
Do we know his colors?
22nd Disciple.
An Almighty Vice
Lords reprisal?
Well, that's the thinking.
But oddly enough, that's
not why you're here.
They dug up
someone else.
_ A citizen?
WIth very expenswe taste.
Ed says those are
Christian Louboutin shoes.
Ed knows that?
The purse still had
$300 cash in it.
Name on the_driver's license
was Adrianne Iver.
A missing person
for six months now.
And guess what else
we found in her purse.
Her boyfriend's number.
How long?
So what do I do?
ALICIA:
Just what they ask.
You will be processed,
photographed and fingerprinted.
They will take away
all your clothes
and supply you with a Department
of Corrections jumpsuit.
Our hope is
you'll get bail.
You have ties_ to
the community,
and the evidence
IS Circumstantial.
MAN:
I loved her.
I mean, we argued,
but I loved her.
I-I didn't report her missing
because Adrianne said
she was going back to Canada.
ELI:
Alicia.
It's important.
DIANE:
Okay, the key thing here
is to let us do our job.
What's that about?
He's being charged with
murdering his girlfriend.
What's important?
My computer's
acting up again.
Yeah, I know that doesn't
quite sound as important.
Really?
I need you in this
meeting, too.
Okay, I have a meeting.
You got to go.
You should've told Mom no.
I did tell her no.
That's not what she said.
She said you vetted her
and everything was
all right for her to run.
Why is it that
every other kid in the universe
knows about computers
except you?
Your mom's a
polltICIan now.
She's adapting
the truth
for her needs.
You know who gets hurt
in all this?
The children.
They'll talk about
your divorce and how I'm
the product of a broken home.
And how I'm dating a Communist.
Bob's a Communist?
Ben.
And I broke up with him.
This is a new one. Hal.
Do you date anyone with
more than one syllable?
It makes our conversations
very confusmg.
Didn't I say
I had a meeting?
Tell Mom not to run.
You tell her.
She'll listen to you.
I'm not the one...
Hey, old man, how you doing?
So, I got to head off
to meet the candidate.
Where are we?
A hiccup.
Actually, more
than a hiccup.
You said he was clean, Eli.
I want to run _him
for lower office
and gear up
for the 2016 presidential.
He was.
Financials are healthy,
no affairs, good to his kids.
Wow, you're bringing in
Saint Alicia.
This must be serious.
More than serious.
We're dealing with
the ridicule factor.
Is that a picture?
Mm-hmm.
(laughs)
That's something else.
(sighs)
Well, Giuliani dressed up
in women's clothes.
He survived that.
This is different.
Okay, all right.
What do you need?
Bring him in. We'll talk about
how to handle it.
Will she be here?
Alicia. And yes, I will be
in the meeting.
He's got kids.
He's gonna want to know
how this'll impact his kids.
Understandable.
You think we can survive it?
I think if
we're lucky.
So what's going on here?
Heard you were
under investigation.
(scoffs)
You heard
we're under investigation?
I heard the_firm's
under Investigation.
Look, I don't want
to drag my candidate in here
and have this firm
be under indictment.
No, uh, w-we're good.
We're growing and, uh,
we're-we're blooming.
Aren't we good?
Yes. Better than ever.
A rumor is often
a sign of jealous
competitors.
DANA:
Hello.
Hi.
We haven't met.
ASA Dana Lodge.
Kalinda Sharma.
I was just trying to...
Snake the Adrianne Iver
crime scene photos?
Want to see?
Sure.
Adrianne Iver,
a 28-year-old
flight attendant,
quit her job after
her boyfriend proposed.
Oh, wait.
You represent her boyfriend,
don't you?
Tom LaVere?
Why, yes, we do.
Ah, what a coincidence.
They fought, Adrianne
tried to leave,
that didn't end well.
Tom shot her with his
Walther P99 handgun.
Which was never recovered.
Yes, so few criminals make it
easy for us these days.
Mr. LaVere
buried the body
in a dirt lot near Douglas
Park six months ago,
far from prying eyes.
And as luck would have it,
this very same lot was chosen by
an Almighty Vice Lord
to bury a 22nd Disciple.
So when we dug up one,
we dug up the other.
So you and Cary?
Me and Cary?
You and Cary.
I don't think
there is a me and Cary.
My mistake.
Hmm.
Now, uh, Mr. LaVere, our client,
he was worried about
Ms. Iver's safety.
They were burglarized
the week prior,
so he gave her his handgun
for protection.
And it was the same handgun
that she kept
in her glove compartment.
Really?
Yeah.
So here's just another
possible scenario.
Ms. Iver was driving when she
came across a gangland slaying.
Oh, happens all the time.
She reached into the glove
compartment for the Walther P99
when she was stopped by
your Almighty Vice Lord,
who took the gun...
And shot her with her own gun?
Yeah.
So, in your scenario,
what happened to her car?
Gone.
Taken by the killers
to a chop shop.
These are two connected murders.
You solve this, you'll know
who killed Adrianne Iver.
Only problem:
we solved this murder.
A gang sweep.
Maurice Johnson, aka AKA.
Yeah, it makes things hard
when their akas are "AKA."
Hmm.
What did he do, confess?
CARY:
We ask that
Mr. Johnson be tried
as an adult, Your Honor.
Your Honor, Maurice has
come forward on his own.
He has confessed to
this homicide exactly because
he wants
to remake his life.
You don't believe him?
I tend not to believe
14-year-old lieutenants
who confess.
But maybe
that's just me.
Well, you bring me proof
of the opposite, I'm all ears.
But we closed two murders.
AKA killed
the 22nd Disciple banger.
Tom LaVere killed
his girlfriend.
Where do I bring the proof?
Where?
Yeah. Do you
have a card?
Yeah. Sure, Kalinda.
Here.
And this is my cell.
So, anytime.
Thanks.
(dialing)
We have a problem.
They think they've resolved it.
DIANE:
Got it.
We're with the filmmaker now.
ALICIA:
So, how did the police
get involved?
You see, I sent the
footage to the police.
I did not think they
would pursue it.
They dug up two bodies.
Yes, I know.
It is now part of
my documentary.
Quite exciting.
DIANE; _
Do you plan to interVIew
Riclq Packer again?
Unfortunately, they have now
limited access to death row.
Did he say anything more
about this murder, Andr?
Anything more
in your footage?
He did. I-I showed
it to the police,
but, uh, they are
uninterested now.
Uh, can we see it?
Of course.
Well, I interviewed
Mr. Packer again,
after they found the body.
It is always good
to go with my assistant.
He likes the pretty women.
WOMAN:
You say you know who killed him?
Who killed this man?
RICKY:
Yeah.
But why am I gonna
help the cops?
ANDRE:
Why would you not?
Look, man, the cops don't care
if they got the wrong one.
Vice Lords are gonna do
what they always do:
send up some wannabe gangster
to go do a juvie rap.
Cops will be happy.
(mouse clicks)
ANDRE:
And that was the end.
No more interviews.
He didn't say who did it?
DIANE:
Great.
The only one
who can help our client
is being executed in 36 hours.
I can't do this.
I can't go
back to jail.
It was just the bail hearing.
Tom, listen to me.
We have a lot of options.
I can't last
till trial.
I can't wait six months.
Let's go.
Listen to me.
We are not _
delaying this to trial.
We're doing everything
we can, okay?
Time's up.
GLENDON: Is that all you have,
Mr. Coyne?
That is only part
of what we have,
Y-Your Honors.
Mr. Packer will be executed
in approximately 30
hours, and we ask
that you look carefully
at the legal mistakes
made by the trial judge.
"Look again
at the legal mistakes"?
Yes.
If it pleases the court.
We'll take that under
advisement.
(bangs gavel)
You here to help?
Well, it's a bit more
complicated than that.
Try me.
We need to get
to Riclq Packer
before he's executed.
We think he can help us
on a case.
You're kidding.
No, I'm afraid not.
Can you get us in to him?
We can't even get in to him.
Unless the judges
hear our appeal,
he's in 24-hour lockdown.
You have another appeal
coming up?
Lack of mitigation
at trial, yeah.
Why?
So, we have
the humanitarian appeal
and not much time.
Alicia, you've dealt with
Judge Glendon before.
Yes. He has the swing
vote on the court.
He sided with us on
another death row appeal.
He had a religious conversion,
so there might be
an opening there.
And my people--
we're scouring
Riclq Packer's life
for any shred
of humanitarian appeal...
DIANE:
Right. Alicia, you work
with them, and
Lockhart/Gardner,
remember, we win this appeal,
we question Ricky Packer...
And that helps
our client?
Packer helps us find
Adrianne Iver's murderer.
It's like a Rube Goldberg
defense.
Well, it'll do
until we have better.
So, we will work
a two-pronged strategy.
Kalinda, anything
you can get independently on
who killed this 22nd
Disciple victim...
I have access_ to the_State
Attorney's office again, so,
I'll see what I can get.
Good. And again,
the immediate push
has to be on
this appeal.
We lose Packer,
we lose the key
to the real murderer.
(crowd chatter)
Alicia, if you
have a moment?
Sure.
(door closes)
Sorry to make that
sound so boss-like.
No. It's been hard to get away.
It has.
Diane's been eyeing us like
we're a lawsuit
waiting to happen.
It's getting a bit complicated,
isn't it?
It is.
Do we need to... pause?
Do you want to pause?
_I'm afraid even
if we say we Will,
we won't.
That sounds right.
This is not why
I called you in here.
I know.
(knocking, Will sighs)
It's like Grand Central
Station, isn't it?
(laughs)
Go ahead.
We'll talk later.
What does Peter know?
About us?
Uh, I-I don't
think anything,
but that's never mattered
to him. Why?
No reason.
Did he talk to you?
No.
MAN:
Look, I appreciate
that you guys have to do
your due diligence here, but,
uh, I'm not a
ticking time bomb.
I don't have an intern. (laughs)
I love my wife, I love my kids.
Mrs. Florrick, hello.
Robert Mulvey.
How's your husband?
He's very well, thank you, sir.
So you're here to, uh,
hand-hold me
through this scandal?
ALICIA:
Anything you need.
Do I need a stiff drink?
(chuckling)
(sighs)
(laughing)
You guys had me scared.
Is that you, sir?
Yeah.
But about ten years ago.
Winter break.
You guys are joking, right?
It's the ridicule factor, sir.
Like Anthony Weiner.
Yeah, but Anthony Weiner
took his clothes off
and photographed himself
for his constituents. This is...
You fellating Santa.
I have to be blunt,
sir, because that's
how TMZ is gonna report it,
FOX is gonna repeat it,
and Jon Stewart is gonna
finish it--
"Here Comes Santa."
Is it possible you were
changing a lightbulb?
What, between his legs?
Look, it was a joke.
I was a college kid.
Yes, but it's a joke
about you fellating Santa.
And Santa's expression
does not help.
What do you think?
I think...
You have the advantage
of releasing it yourself
and taking some
of the sting away,
which is why you should
take this seriously.
You think we should release it?
ELI: _
It's coming
out either way.
The only thing you can control
is when and what it means.
What it means?
You're the_Facebook
generation, Sir.
Every candidate under 40
has some dumb photo
from some dumb
college buddy.
Krystal Ball
and the reindeer nose.
Well, she lost.
Yes.
But she didn't release it.
You will.
My kids...
my wife seeing this.
Go talk to them and
make them understand.
I need to think about this.
Uh, one more
thing, sir.
Are there any more
photos out there?
Of this?
No.
Of you, uh,
in front of...
other statues?
Funny college stunts
sometimes get repeated.
Thank you, sir.
I'm sorry.
Ain't ever easy, is it?
So what, do you work here now?
No, they're just
having trouble
with their computers.
They spend, like, $85,000 on IT
when I can just do it
in a few hours.
Humble much?
To be accurate,
that was me making fun
of the law firm,
not me, you know,
taking credit...
Are you still talking?
You're boring me.
(laughs)
ELI:
Hello.
Marissa,
do you have a moment?
Dad.
I do... in a moment.
Why don't you let Zach
do his work?
I'm letting Zach
do his work.
He can multitask.
See?
I'm multitasking.
ZACH:
He's watching us.
Act like I said
something really shocking.
That's terrible.
RICKY:
I've done bad things.
Not as bad
as the things done to me.
COYNE:
It was a double homicide.
Riclq Packer picked up
two 14-year-old girls
from a shopping mall,
raped them over three days,
then slit their throats.
Oh.
(sighs)
COYNE:
Look, we know
he's not a saint.
_All we need
is mitigation.
It's just...
my daughter's their age.
I know.
(sighs)
It's our job.
Grew up on 24th.
Tough neighborhood.
What have you got?
He was born with
neuroblastoma,
a syndrome requiring a
dozen painful surgeries
before the age of five.
That's good.
We can build on that.
And his mother has not
visited him in prison.
Bad and painful childhood,
absentee mom--
we can work with that.
We need some photos
of sadness, squalor.
RICKY:
My mom-- she's always
talking about redemption.
Right?
But redemption from what?
From being a man?
Let's go visit the mom.
You called?
I did call.
I need something.
Footage from
a blue light camera.
(laughs)
Now why would you want access
to our antigang cameras?
Oh, just one
in particular.
19th and Troy.
We have the killer.
No, you don't.
Okay, I give you access,
you give me access.
To what?
Your boss, Will Gardner.
What do you need?
Access.
Why?
We're investigating him.
For what?
I don't think I can do that.
(laughs)
Okay, Kalinda,
I know how you work.
You get want you want
without giving back,
and that's just not
gonna happen here.
You want your back scratched?
I have an itch.
Okay.
What do you need?
He had a friend.
A judge. Baxter.
We need to know the nature
of their relationship.
Get me the blue light camera.
Get me the backstory
on Will.
I asked ﬁrst.
Where'd you get that jacket?
I don't know.
Can I look at the label?
Sure.
Nice.
Thanks.
Breathes.
This is the address?
Yeah.
Not much squalor.
COYNE:
Thank you for seeing us,
Mr. Packer.
We need to_ offer evidence
of mitigation.
Show that your son's crimes
were a result of...
Um, outside causes,
difficulty in childhood,
his upbringing.
(crying):
I'm sorry.
Ijust... It's hard.
Father Jim got all the
neighbors together,
and that helps.
Do you have any pictures
of Riclq as a child?
We want to show the judges
how he grew up.
Of course.
So you haven't seen
your son in prison?
No. He won't let me.
I keep writing every week,
but he won't...
COYNE:
We read that Riclq
had a lot of illnesses
as a child?
Illnesses?
ALICIA:
Yes.
Operations.
Oh, no.
That was his brother, Michael.
He's in New York now.
On Wall Street.
He's broken
up about this.
Um, what about school?
Did he have problems
in school?
Oh, yes.
Michael was always the weakest.
No. Ricky.
Oh. No.
Riclq was fine.
We were able to get him
into a program
at St. Matthew's.
There's Ricky.
ALICIA:
That's a lot of presents.
Well, we wanted them
(doorbell rings)
Would you excuse me?
We could always say
he was too spoiled?
She's a saint.
To have that son--
I don't understand it.
Whatever he wanted,
she was there.
You think he really did it,
he killed those two girls?
Why?
He liked doing
mean things.
It was fun for him.
COYNE:
Is there anything
that you can say
to help the court
at all, anything
that would save
his life?
He shouldn't be killed.
That was a wash.
Do you believe that?
What?
That no matter who he is,
no matter what he did,
he shouldn't be killed?
Yeah. Don't you?
I saw those photos.
Those girls
were my daughter's age.
They don't exist anymore.
And to get that call.
To spend every night
thinking about your daughter's
last breath...
He raped...
Did you see what he did
with their bodies?
But we don't execute him.
Why not?
Because it would be wrong.
DANA:
What day are you looking for?
June 15, the day
Adrianne Iver disappeared.
Okay.
There you go--
corner of 19th and Troy.
Okay. There he is.
That's the victim, right?
That's what he was wearing?
Uh, yeah.
That's his corner.
'Kay, and that's
the night
Ms. Iver died?
My guess is there's someone else
on the corner the next night.
You want to... you want
to see the next night?
If you'd be so kind.
(keyboard clacking)
Do you know anything about
Will Gardner's relationship
with Judge Baxter?
They had a falling out.
He was a corrupt judge.
Will got him
thrown off the bench.
No, our office got him
Gardner didn't do crap.
There.
That's the next night?
It is.
You have the wrong man, Dana.
It was a corner fight,
and he took the corner.
That's why he killed
the 22nd Disciple--
so he could take
the corner.
My guess is, that man
killed Adrianne Iver, too.
Your Honors, Ricky Packer
is a changed man.
H_is rehabilitation
is a testament
to the dignity of
the human spirit
even in the face
of great adverSIty.
We ask that you show
mercy and compassion...
(whispers):
I'm so sorry, ma'am.
That's all right.
Is this good?
Yes.
Thank you.
Mr. Packer's defense attorney
never availed himself
of mitigation witnesses during
the penalty phase of the trial.
As you can see,
there are many people here
who would speak
to Mr. Packer's...
fine character.
He has changed in
prison, Your Honors.
He had an unfortunate
upbringing-- none of
the opportunities
that you or I have had.
Just listen to his mother--
she will speak
to how hard it
was for Riclq,
growing up in their tough
South Side neighborhood,
how she neglected
Riclq as a child,
and even now, how she
has not seen her son
in prison.
Imagine being a child in the
inner city, with no hope...
I've known Ricky Packer
all his life.
I was there at his baptism.
I'm here to say that Ricky
Packer's a good person.
He's a redeemable person.
He has been led astray,
and I take it as__
my own person failing
that I didn't lead him back.
He's not a good person.
No. I said what I said
so he wouldn't be killed.
And it's all right
to do that?
Nothing is very clean.
The older I get the
more I realize that.
What if... what if it
meant releasing him?
Then we would be having
another conversation.
Looks like it worked.
Well, they're
considering
the appeal.
We have a
24-hour extension
and access to Ricky
Packer. So, Alicia?
Where is Alicia?
Oh. I need you to
get to Indiana.
Andr says Riclq Packer
likes talking with women,
so you talk with Riclq,
and we'll work
the appeal.
All right, let's get going.
Work on the appeal.
Alicia...
are you all right
doing this, going to him?
I'm all right doing this.
It's my job.
Okay.
Then head out.
GRACE:
Just doing homework.
Jennifer's coming over later
for tutoring.
Okay.
Uh, I already talked to Zach...
but I'm working on this...
case, and I don't know
what time I'll be home.
So Dad is gonna come over
and pick you up
and take you
to his place, all right?
We can take care
of ourselves, Mom.
No. I already talked to Dad.
And lock the door, okay, Grace?
I know sometimes we forget,
but just do it.
(laughs):
Okay.
Is everything all right?
I think so.
You come straight home from
school every day, don't you?
Mom, you're getting weird.
I know.
I love you.
Bye.
(buzzer sounds)
MAN:
Eli Gold
and Mickey Gunn.
I think that's the third sign
of the apocalypse--
you guys working together.
(laughter)
But only on something
we truly believe in.
Yeah.
You know Robert Mulvey?
The ex-congressman.
The one that flipped from
Republican to Democrat.
I hear he's looking for a
campaign he can win, isn't he?
Mickey represents him.
And we want
to offer you a story.
About him?
About Mickey.
It's a sort of
think piece
about the next generation
of candidates.
Really! You got
a headline for me, too?
(forced laughter)
Your sweat's showing, guys.
We have a picture.
It's not as bad
as Anthony Weiner,
but in our opinion,
it encapsulates the problems
of the Facebook—era candidate.
He slept with a
campaign worker?
(laughs)
That's him?
That's Robert Mulvey?
It is.
You want to hang a lantern
on your problem.
Hang a lantern on what?
This has nothing to do
with Mulvey's policy.
with his morals.
Really? Servicing Santa's
not about his morals?
It ain't the real Santa,
it's a statue.
And there is no real Santa,
so he wouldn't
have a penis.
Look, the real story here
is Mickey Gunn,
and how he deals with a photo
that is, admittedly, ridiculous,
but is also irrelevant
to Mulvey's character.
Look, I'm fine.
You want to give me something,
give me something,
but why don't you
put the candidate on?
We'll see what we can do.
(phone vibrating)
Would you excuse me a moment?
So, you want to cancel dinner?
You know me. Flighty.
ZACH:
You want something to drink?
Where are you, Marissa?
Getting computer advice, Dad.
I'll call you later.
Uh...
How long have your
parents lived apart?
I... What
do you mean?
Don't worry, my dad told me.
When did they split up?
About five months ago.
I'll give you
all the tips
on how to use it.
Parents going through
divorce are so guilty.
(door opens)
That's my dad, to
come pick me up.
JACKIE (calls):
Zach?
Oh, hello.
Grandma.
Peter had to work today,
so he asked me
to look in on you.
Hello.
Hello. I'm Marissa.
Are you the new tutor?
No.
I'm Eli Gold's daughter.
Oh. Really?
And, uh, what are we doing here?
What are we doing here, Zach?
I was just showing her
how to change her dad's
computer settings.
Grace, Grandma's here!
(knocking)
Is Grace here?
(door closes)
I thought you were out there
trying to save the world.
I was; now I'm here.
You look serious.
An ASA in
Peter Florrick's office
is asking about
your relationship
with Judge Baxter.
You in trouble?
(exhales)
I'm in something.
I don't know what I'm in.
Who's the ASA?
Dana Lodge. I think
she's working with Cary.
Is this coming
from Peter Florrick?
I think it is.
I don't know.
I don't know anything anymore.
I used to_be able to read
the political tea leaves,
now I can barely tell why people
say hello to me in the morning.
Then use me.
Thought you were
an island these days.
Mm, no man is an island.
(chuckles)
I don't know, Kalinda,
this one is tough.
They're coming for me.
Did you pay off Baxter?
No.
But I thinkI know
why they think I did.
Okay, then ask for my help.
I feel like hugging you.
No, just...
just ask for my help.
(men chattering in distance)
(buzzer sounds)
(man shouting indistinctly
in distance)
You okay?
I will be.
(buzzer sounds)
(men chattering in distance)
(door closes, locks)
You need something?
You discussed
with Andr Bergson,
the filmmaker,
a murder?
A buried body?
(quietly):
Wow.
(wry laugh)
A man becomes very popular
in his last hours of life.
You said you know
who killed him?
What's your name?
Alicia Florrick.
Andr said to send a girl,
didn't he?
Yes.
(laughs)
And here you are.
It would help us
greatly if you
could tell us
who committed this murder.
Didn't the cops find someone?
Yes, a juvenile
from a competing gang.
But we think it's this man.
Yeah.
Can you tell us who this is?
Why should I?
We're helping you
with your appeal.
(scoffs):
Yeah.
We successfully argued
in front of the 7th Circuit.
They just like torturing me.
They say they'll reconsider,
but I'll be dead come Sunday.
Then why not help us?
(chuckles)
(exhales)
I heard my mom argued for me.
She did.
And my brother?
It was hard on both of them,
but they argued for you.
You get them here...
then I'll tell you.
I... I don't know
if we have time.
Well, make the time.
I'll get them.
Just tell me who this is.
Who is this, Riclq?
Just tell me.
KALINDA:
Ervin Womack, aka Mace.
He's your man.
(speaking low, indistinctly)
* Na-na-n-na-n-na-na-n-na
(both laughing)
* N-na-na-n-na-n-na-n-na-n-na
* Na-na_-n-na-n-na-n_a-n-na
It's just rearranging
the desktop, so try.
Okay.
* N-na-na-n-na-n-na-n-na-n-na
* Na-na-n-na-
n-na-na-n-na *
* N-na-na-n-na-n-na-n-na-n-na
* Na-na-n-na-n-
na-na-n-na *
*
One, two, three, ow!
* Show me all the things
the other girlies know *
* They cannot pull off
* Dangerous with killer heels
* Your stockings go
a mile high... *
Chris, do, uh, do I
admit to being young,
stupid, even immature?
Yes, but the 21-year-
old Robert Mulvey
is not the 34-year-
old Robert Mulvey.
And you think we shouldn't
judge you because it was just
this one time?
MULVEY:
Well, I think
you should judge me
on what I say and what I do now.
(chuckles)
And what if it's more
than one time?
These photos were taken on the
same winter break, Congressman.
Oh, dear God.
Is that you at the National
Gallery Sculpture Garden?
(clears throat)
GUNN:
Don't go there, no,
please don't go there.
And is that George Washington?
Well, H,
I don't believe they, um...
I would, I would need
to get a closer look.
Uh, we need to talk
to your politician.
DANA:
You look serious.
I'm a serious guy.
Ervin Womack,
aka Mace.
I think we should question him
for the 22nd Disciple hit.
Closed that.
Yeah, with a juvenile.
This guy's adult.
Is that what Kalinda said?
You mean
your girlfriend Kalinda?
(laughs)
No, I mean yours.
Uh, no, don't stop there.
You're on a roll.
Yeah, I saw you two-- it
looked more than friendly.
Really, and what does "more
than friendly" look like?
Like more than friendly.
(laughs)
Cary, listen
to my words now, okay?
I have never said
this before,
but I am now going
to say it for you.
Are you ready?
(grunts)
I am not a lesbian.
I know a lot of people
who weren't anything
until they met Kalinda.
What?
You still pining
for your lesbian?
Okay, now you're
turning it.
This isn't about me.
Okay, that's enough
for me.
Going home now.
You want to question Mace,
go for it.
You're the deputy.
Kalinda is trying to get
to me through you.
Yeah, and it seems
to be working.
Figure out
what you want, Cary,
then we can talk.
I don't want her.
Good to know.
*
What do you know about him?
Not much.
Alicia got a tip
from death row.
You found out
something on him?
His description matched
another murder.
We just want to
question him.
Nobody's going in hard.
So you talk to ASA Lodge
these days?
Yeah, you,
too, huh?
What are you doing?
What am I doing?
Yeah.
Don't, okay?
Don't.
(knocking)
OFFICER:
Chicago Police.
We have a warrant
for Ervin Womack.
Cary,
look, ASA Lodge
approached me.
She gave me her card-- if you
have a problem with that,
then you need to sort
that out with her.
She's not the one
I mistrust.
Go to hell, Cary.
Do you think that...?
(gunshots)
(indistinct yelling)
OFFICER:
Womack, freeze!
Is everybody okay?
You all right?
Yeah, you?
Yeah.
Looks like a Walther P99.
That's Tom's gun.
I say this
with some trepidation,
but a failing is a failing.
I am an alcoholic.
GUNN:
Nice work.
Changes the subject.
Thanks.
The only place
left to go.
Ithought
foolishly that I had taken care
of my problem,
but as all alcoholics know,
it's never over,
so I'm going back
into the program.
(sighs)
All right, so I'll talk
to you when he gets out.
Yeah.
I like him.
Not a bad guy.
Still room to corrupt him.
(chuckles)
I'm thinking of him
for state senate first.
S-State senate here?
Yeah, what were you thinking?
I just didn't know
you were thinking local.
Only as a jumping-off point.
What's wrong,
is that too small for you?
My ex-wife is running
for state senate.
(laughs)
Really?
Well,
that's, uh, unfortunate.
Yep.
Okay, thanks
for your help, buddy.
I'll see you.
(buzzer sounds)
He lost the appeal.
Execution is
gomg forward.
(tires squeal)
Suzanne, thank you
for coming.
We need to hurry.
We got here as
fast as we could.
This is Michael.
Yes, come
this way, please.
(buzzer sounds)
Just so you know, Mrs. Packer,
he helped us with our case.
We found the real killer,
and our client will be freed.
I don't know
if that helps.
It helps,
thank you.
It's Riclq's mother.
Tell them we're coming.
(buzzer sounds)
Thank you.
He'll be coming
out of that door.
We have to stay
out here.
He really helped
you with your case?
Yes. You sound surprised.
I'm, uh, I know there's
supposed to be good
in everyone, but sometimes
it's just hard to see,
so this gives me hope.
Here he comes now.
SUZANNE:
Riclq.
(buzzer sounds)
(sobbing)
RICKY:
Ma.
It's me.
It's Michael.
I'm going away now.
We love you.
I know.
What can we do for you?
Burn in hell, both of you.
I want you to suffer every day
of your life thinking of me.
(laughing)
Bye, Mom.
Love you.
It was fun.
(laughing)
Yeah, okay, okay, thank you.
It is the gun,
Tom LaVere's gun.
We're releasing him.
You all right?
Uh, considering it was
my first gunfight.
You?
Yeah, thanks for pulling me
down, for protecting me.
What do you want from me,
KaHnda?
What do I want from you?
Why does everybody always think
that I want something?
'Cause you do.
She's not attracted
to women.
Cary, you make me
too calculated.
Look, I came here, you
weren't here, she was here,
so I asked her about
the case, that's all.
You've got blood
on your ear.
Unden
(sighs)
I don't like you
being in my head.
What?
I said, I don't like you
being in my head.
Then get me out.
What are we doing?
I have no idea.
What?
(door opens)
Captioning sponsored by
CBS
Captioned by
Media Access Group at WGBH
access.wgbh.org